Avoid the use of null stream (#2754)
AMReX-Codes/amrex: Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/GPU.rst

GPU functions (e.g., :cpp:`ParallelFor` and :cpp:`Gpu::copyAsync`) are
asynchronous with respect to the host.  To facilitate synchronization that
is sometimes necessary, AMReX provides :cpp:`Gpu::streamSynchronize()` and
:cpp:`Gpu::streamSynchronizeAll()` to synchronize the current stream and all
AMReX streams, respectively.  For performance reasons, one should try to
minimize the number of synchronization calls.  For example,

.. highlight:: c++

::

   // The synchronous version is NOT recommended
   Gpu::copy(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::copy(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::copy(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);

   // NOT recommended because of unnecessary synchronization
   Gpu::copyAsync(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::streamSynchronize();
   Gpu::copyAsync(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::streamSynchronize();
   Gpu::copyAsync(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::streamSynchronize();

   // recommended
   Gpu::copyAsync(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::copyAsync(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::copyAsync(Gpu::deviceToHost, ....);
   Gpu::streamSynchronize();

In addition to stream synchronization, there is also

> `:cpp:Gpu::synchronize()` that will perform a device wide synchronization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:cpp:`Gpu::synchronize()` that will perform a device wide synchronization.
```

> However, a device wide synchronization is usually an overkill and it might

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, a device wide synchronization is usually too excessive and it might
```
